Customer Guide for Aurora Multi AZ. Resolves #580 (#581)
keycloak/keycloak-benchmark: doc/kubernetes/modules/ROOT/pages/running/aurora-multi-az.adoc

to access the DB from a ROSA cluster it's necessary for a xref:running/aurora-peering-connections.adoc[peering-connection]
to be established.

== Procedure
The following procedure is split into two parts. First, we create an Aurora Multi-AZ DB cluster with the name "keycloak-aurora"
in eu-west-1. Then we create a peering-connection between our ROSA cluster(s) and the Aurora VPC to allow applications
deployed on the ROSA clusters to be able to establish connections with the DB.

=== Create Aurora DB Cluster

include::partial$aurora/aurora-multiaz-create-procedure.adoc[]

=== Establish Peering Connections with ROSA clusters

The following steps must be repeated for each ROSA cluster which contains a Keycloak deployment.

include::partial$aurora/aurora-create-peering-connections.adoc[]

== Verifying the connection

include::partial$aurora/aurora-verify-peering-connections.adoc[]

== Deploying Keycloak

Now that an Aurora DB has been established and linked with all of your ROSA clusters, the next step is to
xref:running/keycloak-deployment.adoc[Deploy Keycloak] with the JDBC url configured to use the Aurora DB writer

> endpoint. Todo this we create a `Keycloak` CR outlined in the xref:running/keycloak-deployment.adoc[] guide, however

Reviewer: ```suggestion
endpoint. To do this we create a `Keycloak` CR outlined in the xref:running/keycloak-deployment.adoc[] guide, however
```
